[expo-router][docs] Document how to use @expo/material-symbols in toolbar (#45861)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/advanced/stack-toolbar.mdx

> **info** SF Symbols are an iOS-only feature.

### Material Symbols (Android only)

> The easiest way to add icons on Android is to use [Material Symbols](https://fonts.google.com/icons) via the [`@expo/material-symbols`](https://github.com/expo/expo/tree/main/packages/material-symbols) package, which ships pre-built XML vector drawables. Pass the imported drawable directly to the `icon` prop:

Author: There is no https://github.com/expo/expo/tree/main/packages/material-symbols

Do it similar to https://docs.expo.dev/versions/v56.0.0/sdk/ui/jetpack-compose/icon/

> **info** SF Symbols are an iOS-only feature.

### Material Symbols (Android only)

The easiest way to add icons on Android is to use Google's [Material Symbols](https://fonts.google.com/icons) via the [`@expo/material-symbols`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/material-symbols) package, which ships pre-built XML vector drawables as individual asset subpaths — Metro only bundles the icons you actually import. Install it with:

> ```sh

Reviewer: Let's use the Terminal component here: https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/docs/README.md#use-terminal-component-for-shell-commands-snippets

npx expo install @expo/material-symbols
```

Import any icon directly from its own subpath and pass it to the `icon` prop:

```tsx
import Star from '@expo/material-symbols/star.xml';
import Share from '@expo/material-symbols/share.xml';
import MoreVert from '@expo/material-symbols/more_vert.xml';

<Stack.Toolbar.Button icon={Star} onPress={() => {}} />
<Stack.Toolbar.Button icon={Share} onPress={() => {}} />
<Stack.Toolbar.Menu icon={MoreVert}>{/* ... */}</Stack.Toolbar.Menu>
```

Vector drawables are tinted with the toolbar's tint color by default. Pass `iconRenderingMode="original"` to preserve the source colors.

> **info** Material Symbols XML drawables are an Android-only feature. On iOS, use SF Symbols instead.

#### Using the same icon on Android and iOS

> `Stack.Toolbar.Button`'s `icon` prop accepts both an SF Symbol name (iOS) and an `ImageSourcePropType` (Android), so a `process.env.EXPO_OS` check covers both platforms from a single component. Metro replaces the value at build time and removes the unused branch, so the other platform's asset never ships:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Stack.Toolbar.Button`'s `icon` prop accepts both an `ImageSourcePropType` (Android) and an SF Symbol name (iOS). You can use a `process.env.EXPO_OS` check here, which covers both platforms from a single component. Metro replaces the value at build time and removes the unused branch, so the other platform's asset never ships:
```

- Let's improve readability by making a clear statement on what the developer needs to do
- In the last sentence, can we provide more clarity as to what "unused branch" means?

> **info** SF Symbols are an iOS-only feature.

### Material Symbols (Android only)

> The recommended source of icons for Android is [`@expo/material-symbols`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/material-symbols) — it ships Google's [Material Symbols](https://fonts.google.com/icons) as individual asset subpaths, so Metro only bundles the icons you actually import. For other styles (rounded, sharp, filled) or custom axes, the package's CLI downloads any variant directly into your project — see the [`Icon` component docs](/versions/latest/sdk/ui/jetpack-compose/icon/#custom-styles-via-expomaterial-symbols-cli) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended source of icons for Android is [`@expo/material-symbols`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/material-symbols) library. It ships Google's [Material Symbols](https://fonts.google.com/icons) as individual asset subpaths, so Metro only bundles the icons you actually import. For other styles (rounded, sharp, filled) or custom axes, the library's CLI downloads any variant directly into your project. See the [`Icon` component](/versions/latest/sdk/ui/jetpack-compose/icon/#custom-styles-via-expomaterial-symbols-cli) for details.
```
Consistent wording with other words.
